Make NetworkX page more insightful by introducing a user story + add visualization (#252)
Jelly-RDF/pyjelly: docs/networkx-integration.md

## Parse graph, show it

Let's say we have a graph in `.jelly` fromat and wanted some insight into it.  

We can easily load it:  

```python
{!networkx_integration/01_parse_calculate_visualize.py! lines=7-12}
```  

Convert it into a convenient NetworkX graph:
```python
{!networkx_integration/01_parse_calculate_visualize.py! lines=14-15}
``` 

Is our graph fully connected? It's important to know, let's check here:
```python

> {!networkx_integration/01_parse_calculate_visualize.py! lines=17-18}

Author: Changed completely to admonition snippet + added output from print below code fragment.

``` 

Which nodes are connected the most (the most congested?), let's see top 5 of them:
```python
{!networkx_integration/01_parse_calculate_visualize.py! lines=20-21}
``` 

What is the shortest path between two nodes we want to traverse? We can check:
```python
{!networkx_integration/01_parse_calculate_visualize.py! lines=24-25}
``` 

However afterall, its best to the full picture (for our example we truncate to 8 nodes for clarity):
```python
{!networkx_integration/01_parse_calculate_visualize.py! lines=27-43}
``` 

The graph presents as follows ![NetworkX visualization example](assets/images/networkx_visualization_example.png).

In summary:

> {{ code_example('networkx_integration/01_parse_calculate_visualize.py') }}

Author: Added `admonition_snippet` that is more customizable + collapsable + changed all code snippets for new one.

## Parse graph, show it

> Let's investigate worldwide political connections (support and oposition relations)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's investigate relationships between worldwide political figures (support and oposition relations)!
```

We are given a graph in `.jelly` containing information about political stances extracted from news articles.  
Let's dive in and get some useful information!

We can easily load it:  

{{ snippet_admonition('examples/networkx_integration/01_parse_calculate_visualize.py', 24, 27, title="Loading") }}

> ???+ tip "Output from print()"

Reviewer: I don't see a reason to put the code fragments and results in admonitions, simple code blocks are fine. Admonitions look nice, but they are also a bit much... and here I don't think they help.

Please do keep the admonition for the complete code, that's useful as it hides the big block initially.

Author: Ok, now admonition is only for the entire code + not shown by default.

{{ snippet_admonition('examples/networkx_integration/01_parse_calculate_visualize.py', 55, 56, title="Converting") }}

Is our graph fully connected? It's important to know (are all political relations tied togehter?), let's check here:

{{ snippet_admonition('examples/networkx_integration/01_parse_calculate_visualize.py', 58, 60, title="Fully connected check") }}

???+ tip "Output from print()"
    ```text
    Connected components: 24
    ```

Which nodes are connected the most (have most connections?), let's see top 5 of them:

{{ snippet_admonition('examples/networkx_integration/01_parse_calculate_visualize.py', 62, 66, title="Top 5 nodes by degree") }}

???+ tip "Output from print()"
    ```text
    Top 5 nodes sorted by degree:
    Socrates: 241
    Cavaco: 189
    Passos Coelho: 187
    Costa: 179
    Antonio Costa: 168
    ```

What is the shortest path between two nodes? We can check:

{{ snippet_admonition('examples/networkx_integration/01_parse_calculate_visualize.py', 75, 79, title="Shortest path") }}

???+ tip "Output from print()"
    ```text
    Shortest path from Socrates to Obama: Socrates -> Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa -> Durao Barroso -> Obama
    ```

> However afterall, its best to the full picture (for our example we truncate to 10 nodes for clarity):

Reviewer: This line contains 4 typos...

"However,"

"after all"

"it's"

"to get the"

please do install a spellchecker or something like that...

{{ snippet_admonition('examples/networkx_integration/01_parse_calculate_visualize.py', 81, 92, title="Visualize graph") }}

The graph presents as follows

<div style="text-align:center;">
  <img src="../assets/images/networkx_visualization_example.png" width="600" loading="lazy" alt="NetworkX visualization example" />
</div>

In summary:

{{ snippet_admonition('examples/networkx_integration/01_parse_calculate_visualize.py', 0, 95, title="Entire example", expanded=False) }}

we converted an RDFLib graph to NetworkX, calculated insightful metrics and visualized the graph.  

For more info about the data source please see:

-[Politiquices graph dataset](https://riverbench.github.io/v/2.1.0/datasets/politiquices/)

## Serialize NetworkX graph

This example shows how to write a NetworkX graph to a Jelly file.:

> {{ snippet_admonition('examples/networkx_integration/02_serialize.py', 0, 29, title="Serialization") }}

Reviewer: No, don't wrap this in an admonition...

> which converts NetworkX graph into an RDFLib insance and serializes it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which converts the NetworkX graph into an RDFLib `Graph` instance and serializes it.
```

{{ code_example('networkx_integration/01_parse_calculate_visualize.py', 62, 66) }}

Output from `print()`:

```text
Top 5 nodes sorted by degree:
Socrates: 241
Cavaco: 189
Passos Coelho: 187
Costa: 179
Antonio Costa: 168
```

What is the shortest path between two nodes? We can check:

{{ code_example('networkx_integration/01_parse_calculate_visualize.py', 75, 79) }}

Output from `print()`:

```text
Shortest path from Socrates to Obama: Socrates -> Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa -> Durao Barroso -> Obama
```

However, it's best to see the full picture (for our example we truncate to 10 nodes for clarity):

{{ code_example('networkx_integration/01_parse_calculate_visualize.py', 81, 92) }}

The graph presents as follows

<div style="text-align:center;">
  <img src="../assets/images/networkx_visualization_example.png" width="600" loading="lazy" alt="NetworkX visualization example" />
</div>

In summary:

{{ snippet_admonition('examples/networkx_integration/01_parse_calculate_visualize.py', 0, 95, title="Entire example", expanded=False) }}

We converted an RDFLib graph to NetworkX, calculated insightful metrics and visualized the graph.  

> For more info about the data source please see:
> 
> -[Politiquices graph dataset](https://riverbench.github.io/v/2.1.0/datasets/politiquices/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more info about the data source please see the [Politiquices dataset in RiverBench](https://riverbench.github.io/v/2.1.0/datasets/politiquices/) and its [original source (Portuguese)](http://www.politiquices.pt/).
```
